Hey, people, panda beauty talking to
people talk in fundeic play
battlefield 3 did not want to talk about
absence of furniture and six at night there
Is not it? I wanted to talk to you about it.
it was an unexpected thing for me
mavs and were already ready here and I
I'm leaving normally next week.
what happened that did not to do
upload them this week is do not know if
You noticed but leave a little
video too this week I'm small
video on headsets on Tuesday and I
There was more video to put to
But you were at my father's house there.
internet is not so good for the
videos and it turned out that I could not
pay the rest in demand for three more
hours for that headset video and I
I had another video, it was a little bit
smaller and took another five hours and gave
Error in the end so I did not
opting and pupa video for you and me
I got home on Saturday now this
week, right?
so everything will be back to normal there
will probably have enough
videos this week and the mob is on
come back next week about who went
indeed a son and three is played
quite and is the one with the cuts to ikea
which was a new map pack of the
Garfield that for me surpasses all
others that mw3 has already released is a package
this map pack with the cuts is
very good even a little more action
It's near you and neither are the maps smaller.
and it's just a killing so it's really good
for who likes things and wants to play
with the bellfield guns on the maps to see
the son, I think it's very interesting
It 's just that they see a little of the
of tdm with courts are playing with
this f 2000 and that they say I am a weapon
or see, I can not pump and I can squeeze a little
more about this rivalry and di bello
son versus mw3 I think it's one thing
very silly
and that the staff still has a bit of
personal color prejudice has
prejudice against the son he thinks
which is a bit more of a game too
more
there already do not know a product more in right action
which does not cease to be true I was one
little more without the action than of mw3 of the
which cody in general because the maps a
little bigger and a thousand always are
further
mother is still a very
fun and personal to see the son
also has a prejudice account cody né
what's the name of the day is a little game
100 strategy game game that the
people come out killing just like crazy
which also does not cease to be true
a lot more game that you can act
alone there and ends up killing everyone and
win the game alone
but that does not make it does not make
games are bad is my son who has
its moments of action and today
also had a moment of strategy there
the competitive not to say the opposite
huh
so I think the staff have for a
little with this is this rivalry is this
That was a good pace, neither
as they say then it was the end of a game
excellent race too I think one
the main differences between cut to
The son for me is not talking here in the
My opinion, I think I ran a
much more game you play with friends
It's a lot more game for you and it gives you
much more interaction for you to play with
friends, right?
and you're going to play, go and have a chat
cool, how are you guys at the same time?
It has a nice game to play in the background.
where you do not need so much
communication 11 minutes ahead
strategy you can be there to give a
zapped with friends playing with a gun
It will be different, then.
go play is going to chat a go-go of
contracting there with friends will hit a
talk about other things that are not
game and I think this is the main
difference I think my son you
You can even do this but it's not as
simple, right?
You can only make one wall up to four
people
and it's much, much more I do not know the day there
difficult I think the Coritiba that
promotes ease with a simple
two clicks you 're in a game right
It's how your friends call themselves the world.
They prepare very fast and I think it
in big difference you hit
chat
but playing steam because it interacts a lot
more that the maps are smaller or
game modes are much easier and
do not need the continuous strategy
bellfield I think this to me is a
of the main differences was that
I fell in love so much for the back
office did not always play with someone
always played on the stop is always playing with
the people who called me vital of the clan
I think the movie is not so so you.
do not have so many moments of action and there
staff does not interact so much
so the staff is talking to you
It is wrong to see his fellow
team and although there was a system of
discord and rarely saw their
comrades here because they look good
away from you and you have an action
much more primary than I say you
She's got so much more alone from the fifth
with your teammates, right?
It's good, but this is what it is. This is what I
I wanted to talk to you today.
I think the staff gave a little
this rivalry are two great games and
It is up to you to choose which two
You want but that's it I hope you have
liked the gameplay video di bello
background in the background worth the game back
This week usually and father